buddy your magic no Cody I'm your uncle
No
to the ride so do my best side
diamantina since like your graduation
you want to go surfing
I hear you've been hanging out with Sean
know about him right what about him
where were you
I just want to talk to you about the
other night drop it did
so my dream to go around
what do you know oh there it is yeah
alright okay yeah a little bit freaked
out I admire what you're doing for Cody
I need tell me you always known
don't know if this is really what I want
seems like what you want your nothing
Cody needs you you need the positive man
in his life
I can't just take whatever I want like
you'll never get what you want unless
you're taking
you